Genesis 1:1	In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth.	In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth.	In the beginning God created heaven, and earth. 	In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth.	In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth.	In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth.	In the beginning God created the heavens and the earth.	In the beginning of God's preparing the heavens and the earth &#8212; 	In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth.	
Genesis 1:2	And the earth was without form, and void; and darkness <i>was</i> upon the face of the deep. And the Spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters.	And the earth was waste and void; and darkness was upon the face of the deep: and the Spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters.	And the earth was void and empty, and darkness was upon the face of the deep; and the spirit of God moved over the waters. 	And the earth was waste and empty, and darkness was on the face of the deep, and the Spirit of God was hovering over the face of the waters.	And the earth was waste and void; and darkness was upon the face of the deep: and the spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters.	And the earth was without form, and void; and darkness was upon the face of the deep: and the Spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters.	Now the earth was formless and empty. Darkness was on the surface of the deep. God's Spirit was hovering over the surface of the waters.	the earth hath existed waste and void, and darkness is on the face of the deep, and the Spirit of God fluttering on the face of the waters,	And the earth was without form, and void; and darkness was on the face of the deep. And the Spirit of God moved on the face of the waters.	
Genesis 1:3	And God said, Let there be light: and there was light.	And God said, Let there be light: and there was light.	And God said: Be light made. And light was made. 	And God said, Let there be light. And there was light.	And God said, Let there be light: and there was light.	And God said, Let there be light: and there was light.	God said, |Let there be light,| and there was light.	and God saith, 'Let light be;' and light is.	And God said, Let there be light: and there was light.	
Genesis 1:4	And God saw the light, that <i>it was</i> good: and God divided the light from the darkness.	And God saw the light, that it was good: and God divided the light from the darkness.	And God saw the light that it was good; and he divided the light from the darkness. 	And God saw the light that it was good; and God divided between the light and the darkness.	And God saw the light, that it was good: and God divided the light from the darkness.	And God saw the light, that it was good: and God divided the light from the darkness.	God saw the light, and saw that it was good. God divided the light from the darkness.	And God seeth the light that it is good, and God separateth between the light and the darkness,	And God saw the light, that it was good: and God divided the light from the darkness.	
Genesis 1:5	And God called the light Day, and the darkness he called Night. And the evening and the morning were the first day.	And God called the light Day, and the darkness he called Night. And there was evening and there was morning, one day.	And he called the light Day, and the darkness Night; and there was evening and morning one day. 	And God called the light Day, and the darkness he called Night. And there was evening, and there was morning the first day.	And God called the light Day, and the darkness he called Night. And there was evening and there was morning, one day.	And God called the light Day, and the darkness he called Night: and the evening and the morning were the first day.	God called the light |day,| and the darkness he called |night.| There was evening and there was morning, one day.	and God calleth to the light 'Day,' and to the darkness He hath called 'Night;' and there is an evening, and there is a morning &#8212; day one.	And God called the light Day, and the darkness he called Night. And the evening and the morning were the first day.	
Genesis 1:6	And God said, Let there be a firmament in the midst of the waters, and let it divide the waters from the waters.	And God said, Let there be a firmament in the midst of the waters, and let it divide the waters from the waters.	And God said: Let there be a firmament made amidst the waters: and let it divide the waters from the waters. 	And God said, Let there be an expanse in the midst of the waters, and let it be a division between waters and waters.	And God said, Let there be a firmament in the midst of the waters, and let it divide the waters from the waters.	And God said, Let there be a firmament in the midst of the waters, and let it divide the waters from the waters.	God said, |Let there be an expanse in the middle of the waters, and let it divide the waters from the waters.|	And God saith, 'Let an expanse be in the midst of the waters, and let it be separating between waters and waters.'	And God said, Let there be a firmament in the middle of the waters, and let it divide the waters from the waters.	
Genesis 1:7	And God made the firmament, and divided the waters which <i>were</i> under the firmament from the waters which <i>were</i> above the firmament: and it was so.	And God made the firmament, and divided the waters which were under the firmament from the waters which were above the firmament: and it was so.	And God made a firmament, and divided the waters that were under the firmament, from those that were above the firmament, and it was so. 	And God made the expanse, and divided between the waters that are under the expanse and the waters that are above the expanse; and it was so.	And God made the firmament, and divided the waters which were under the firmament from the waters which were above the firmament: and it was so.	And God made the firmament; and divided the waters which were under the firmament from the waters which were above the firmament: and it was so.	God made the expanse, and divided the waters which were under the expanse from the waters which were above the expanse; and it was so.	And God maketh the expanse, and it separateth between the waters which are under the expanse, and the waters which are above the expanse: and it is so.	And God made the firmament, and divided the waters which were under the firmament from the waters which were above the firmament: and it was so.	
Genesis 1:8	And God called the firmament Heaven. And the evening and the morning were the second day.	And God called the firmament Heaven. And there was evening and there was morning, a second day.	And God called the firmament, Heaven; and the evening and morning were the second day. 	And God called the expanse Heavens. And there was evening, and there was morning a second day.	And God called the firmament Heaven. And there was evening and there was morning, a second day.	And God called the firmament Heaven: and the evening and the morning were the second day.	God called the expanse |sky.| There was evening and there was morning, a second day.	And God calleth to the expanse 'Heavens;' and there is an evening, and there is a morning &#8212; day second.	And God called the firmament Heaven. And the evening and the morning were the second day.	
Genesis 1:9	And God said, Let the waters under the heaven be gathered together unto one place, and let the dry <i>land</i> appear: and it was so.	And God said, Let the waters under the heavens be gathered together unto one place, and let the dry land appear: and it was so.	God also said: Let the waters that are under the heaven, be gathered together into one place: and let the dry land appear. And it was so done. 	And God said, Let the waters under the heavens be gathered together to one place, and let the dry land appear. And it was so.	And God said, Let the waters under the heaven be gathered together unto one place, and let the dry land appear: and it was so.	And God said, Let the waters under the heaven be gathered into one place, and let the dry land appear: and it was so.	God said, |Let the waters under the sky be gathered together to one place, and let the dry land appear;| and it was so.	And God saith, 'Let the waters under the heavens be collected unto one place, and let the dry land be seen:' and it is so.	And God said, Let the waters under the heaven be gathered together to one place, and let the dry land appear: and it was so.	
Genesis 1:10	And God called the dry <i>land</i> Earth; and the gathering together of the waters called he Seas: and God saw that <i>it was</i> good.	And God called the dry land Earth; and the gathering together of the waters called he Seas: and God saw that it was good.	And God called the dry land, Earth; and the gathering together of the waters, he called Seas. And God saw that it was good. 	And God called the dry land Earth, and the gathering together of the waters he called Seas. And God saw that it was good.	And God called the dry land Earth; and the gathering together of the waters called he Seas: and God saw that it was good.	And God called the dry land Earth, and the collection of waters he called Seas: and God saw that it was good.	God called the dry land |earth,| and the gathering together of the waters he called |seas.| God saw that it was good.	And God calleth to the dry land 'Earth,' and to the collection of the waters He hath called 'Seas;' and God seeth that it is good.	And God called the dry land Earth; and the gathering together of the waters called he Seas: and God saw that it was good.	